hey guys now let's play minecraft hands
down buddy bring you a tutorial for a
compact a calm for the most compact t
flip flop weather is it a gate I think
of the gate most compact him flip rocket
you could build or you're going to be as
a five by four space and yet let me to
show you how to build it first thing you
can do is you go to what to build a RS
nor latch do it exactly how I'm doing it
just so you don't get confused so that
I'll do it quite slowly for you so there
you go that's what you'd start with you
all I have this torch of honor this
torch off then what you're going to
excuse you're going to want to protect
is a redstone on that and you're going
on to put a redstone you might want to
put a block there now what you're going
to want to do is you know they're your
piece of redstone out here and he's
wrestling out here we have a butter here
and then you're going to want to go a
piece of redstone here and here then put
four blocks there and build an and gate
like this then you're going to put a
block here block hit a lot a block here
I'd lock here and a block here then
you're going to want to put original
talk to there and then for your last and
farm a bit you're going to a block a
restaurant Peter to redstone wire here
here and here that it's done your
outputs along here so just put I've
gotta do oh okay and that's it that's it
dump I also let me show you that it
works home
and um I hope you guys like this
remember to comment rate and subscribe
for more Western tutorials let's plays
etc etc I'm really at my hundred
subscriber mark so please if you will
learn me give me a warm Friday feeling
please please please and subscribe to me
I do I think I do okay videos and it
just really everybody helps me make more
videos when I have more subscribers and
I'm also running a competition where you
can win 50 50 empowerment my minecraft
voucher where you can either buy
minecraft would buy minecraft fanboy
related merchandise because we're all
mine for a fan boys at heart goodbye